hello everybody my name is Lincoln three
to six and I am here to show you how to
record am i saying how to make your own
homemade in tender of 3d SAR cards that
are much larger than the originals okay
so in the description there will be a
link to download this file this file is
its dot zip file and in it will contain
the AR cards the AR cards will look as
followed see them and I've gathered this
is a file I've created and it's
available for download
so download them and here they are next
thing you're gonna need download is a
program such as a such as looking for it
it's called GIMP 2.0
go extra-large arqon's GIMP to no large
icons GIMP 2.0 you're really gonna need
a program like this or you're going to
need like Adobe Photoshop or something
like that but GIMP works the best so go
ahead and start up GIMP free once you
download that there'll be another link
to it in the description
start up GIMP
why isn't it starting up all here to
give 2.6 come on work with me there we
go
okay once you've gotten Jim started up
well come on
it always runs slow at the startup but
it's a very nice program here it is okay
that's gonna make you a little smaller
take you drag you over here there's our
toolbox and our layers it's right over
here but you won't be needing to deal
with this box so I'm gonna drag it up
off to the side okay first thing you're
gonna do and I'm gonna move the toolbox
to is we're not gonna need it for now
okay you know it's file new and here's
one of them thing is you need to change
this to inches change this to width of
8.5 and a height of 11 and then this
button also here needs to be portrait
okay it's very easy simple we're done
okay we hit OK and there's our little
output this is what we are working with
shrink that a bit more okay this is our
entire frame so we're gonna hit little
wider collar
okay sorry I'm just trying to drag the
window so I can see the paper okay there
we go hit file and then when it come to
open as layers on the desktop or
wherever you saved it find that file
that contains the AR cards here we've
got a AR card a one or the question mark
we're gonna open it up and here it is
now the little white area and the
background is the actual car so in our
tool box you're gonna take this anyway
get the scale button okay grab the scale
and then click on the question mark
first thing you also need to do before
you touch it hit this link that way the
it won't change it it'll stay in the
square shape it is okay then you can
just drag it kind of outward in the
directions Center it the best as you can
there you go
then hips tail and you're done then just
hit file and then print it once you
printed it you will be finished now it
might it might come out a little fuzzy
but it will still work let me give you
an example
you